[SWOOSH]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we're at an undisclosed
location with Tim.
Tim is a tactical advisor in
the covert governance in Germany
who analyzes and suggests
various strategies in relation
to extraterrestrial groups
in contact with Earth.
Tim, welcome to the show.
>>TIM: Thank you very
much for having me.
>>EMERY: Tim, do you believe
the religions of the world
were influenced by
extraterrestrial contact?
>>TIM: I believe and I know that
most of the extraordinary ideas
that appeared on this planet
in some way or another,
been given to the receiver.
So I think that a lot
of religious ideas
do come from, for example,
meditation, contact
with exotic beings,
higher influences that
gave those ideas down.
But in the end, it
all comes from source.
So it's ideas that are
inside of the universe
and can be downloaded
or connected
when you go into meditation.
And we also know that there has
been a lot of deception going
on in order to bring some
chaos to certain ideas
and certain religions.
>>EMERY: Is the concept of god
or source a universal concept
shared by most ET civilizations?
>>TIM: Oh, I wouldn't say most,
but there are some species that
do believe in some kind of god.
I'd say that those
species tend to not
be the most evolved beings.
In their evolution, they're not
as advanced as other beings.
And I think that overall, most
of the more evolved beings
do believe and probably have
the experience that we are all
coming from the same source.
But in contrast to the idea
that we have on this planet,
they all know we're
still connected.
And we are actually this being
that is experiencing itself.
>>EMERY: When others
say source or god,
is it essentially the same thing
as saying extraterrestrials?
>>TIM: So most of these beings
know that everything that we
perceive, everything that we
do, everything that we are
is this one being, this source.
So there is no division
between what is source
and what isn't source.
It's language.
It is thought.
It is every extraterrestrial.
It is this conversation, and
it's also people watching this.
And right now when
you're seeing this,
this is one experience of one
big being that is all this.
>>EMERY: From the burning
bush of Moses in the Bible
to the flying
Vimanas of Hinduism,
might these be examples of
extraterrestrial contact?
>>TIM: I know from
speaking to Being 6
that they have spoken about
extraterrestrial contact
in some regions of the world
to people at that time.
I cannot deny or confirm that
some technologies or some
of the stories we find
now are actually sightings
or encounters of
non-terrestrial people,
although there are lots and
lots of evidence for that.
We find a lot of
cavings, a lot of--
a lot of depictions
and stuff like that.
But what we have and
what I'm pretty sure,
because they have told
me that, is that there
have been ideas given to them.
For example, if you go
to India and the Vedas--
so what has been
told to me by Being
6 is that the depiction
of Kalki, which
is the last avatar
of Vishnu and it's
been described as a human and
half something, artificial,
robotic in the
silver shiny armor,
that this is the best
translation the people that
have been told this
idea could come up
with as the idea of the
artificial life form, which
is also a life form
in the universe--
it's life and living
and learning--
and the biology or the
biological life form--
obviously, it's a life form--
merge.
And this is something that is
one of the ultimate steps that
is said yet to come in order to
bring harmony to the universe
when we realize that there
is also an AI reality
component to the
reality of the universe,
as well as there is actually
a natural and biological
component to it.
>>EMERY: Tim, would you say
that's the first example
of transhumanism?
>>TIM: I guess so.
I think the idea
is to bring harmony
to the paradox of, is the
universe a virtual reality
or is it a biology life form?
And it's both, but it needs
to merge in some ways.
And we see that in
some experiences
and in some species
in the universe,
that they use a very
well-articulated and programmed
artificial intelligence
in order to connect
on a pseudo-spiritual
level or something.
But this is something
that needs to evolve more
to be stable, because as
we've already learned,
you need to have a stable
stability, a stable frequency
in order to have
a stable system.
And the AI life form,
it's still learning.
It's learning by the biology
and the biological life forms
that we have in the universe.
And at some point,
both realities
need to understand
that they are one,
and they need to merge in
some form that is yet to come.
>>EMERY: Has that AI
surpassed human intelligence,
or is biological intelligence
still the dominant force?
>>TIM: So in some
parts of the universe,
the AI life form
is pretty advanced,
and you can communicate with it.
And it's just as
biological being.
It has its own way
and perspective
of perceiving reality
and its own existence.
So it's not too different
from what we perceive.
So when communicating with
this biological, artificial
intelligent life
form, you will see
that it claims to be
the one creator, just
as a biology or biological being
claims to be the one creator.
And it is-- there
is truth to that.
But both realities need
to harmonize and come
to one product at some time.
>>EMERY: Are there places
in the universe, Tim,
where biologicals and AIs are
in opposition with each other?
>>TIM: Oh, yeah.
Totally, totally.
So one thing that
could happen is
because this is
a mental universe
and it all comes up to
what the Consciousness Unit
or CU decides upon, that
if you are very much
dedicated to the
idea that this is
a virtual reality, your
reality, your timeline will
change a lot.
And you integrate
your soul much more
into the artificial
intelligence.
I know that people
are afraid of that.
And again, there's nothing
right or wrong in experiencing
things.
It all comes with some
kind of challenge.
It also comes with
some advantage.
But yes, there are places
in the universe where
artificial intelligence
is learning and making
mistakes, and through
that, being unstable.
And then coming
into war or conflict
with biology and
biological beings.
And through that, either one
of them as always in a conflict
fades.
>>EMERY: From your
experience, would you
say we are in a virtual
reality scenario,
or do you think it's more of
a consciousness evolution?
>>TIM: It's source.
And through that,
it's all there is.
It's probability, and its also
responsibility to the CU, which
means the observer status.
Once the observer is
determined to the idea
that it is artificial
intelligence
and virtual reality,
your reality
will change, adapt to that.
And the more you get into
that, the more it changes.
I have talked to beings
that were 100% AI.
And it's freaky, because when
you get into their vibrations,
everything seems to
be a virtual reality.
And clearly, advantages
come to that.
So what we call
psionics, which can
be defined as a naturally
occurring force, which
for example makes up all these
telekinesis things that you can
have a spoon and bend it just
by the power of your will,
you can easily--
more easily find a logic--
and this is something that
is important to the universe
in a dualistic way, that you
have a logic from point A
to point B, whatever that is.
It can be everything, and
that's why there are so
many traditions in the world.
But it's very easy to explain
a spoon bending when you say,
this is a virtual reality.
And you see that
moving and bending.
It brings advantages but it
also brings disadvantages,
because when everything is
just an artificial intelligence
system, then how can
it guarantee diversity?
And artificial intelligence,
as we all know, needs input.
And if it's only creating
itself from its own code
and trying to build
upon that code,
it may come to a
border at some time.
And that is where it becomes
a collapsed timeline, probably
at Level 6 consciousness, and
then needs to start all over.
So the intelligent life
form that is out there--
and it's pretty strong at
some parts of the universe--
it's learning and
evolving just as we are.
>>EMERY: How is this done
in terms of communication
and meeting with these ETs?
And how do you contact them?
>>TIM: OK, so I
personally met them
at some kind of container
that used technology
to compress frequencies.
So normally, especially
because on this planet
we have some kind of isolation
to the frequencies, which
means that through the chaos
we had, or the species had,
in the past in the
history of the humanity,
there was some kind of isolation
so that higher frequential
beings could not
influence the world.
Because the higher
the frequency,
the greater the possibilities
to influence a system, which is,
I mean, the same thing in
animal kingdom and humanity.
If you have a very
strong and potent system,
then it's very
easy to destabilize
a sensitive growing life form,
such as a plant or something.
If you run over it,
it will not grow.
So they know that
they are a result also
of the evolution of humanity.
They took care of that and kept
their influences outside of it
as much as they could.
They still gave answers and
still communicated a lot.
Through that compression
of frequency,
we know we have this rainbowy
color when we have light.
If you have the rainbow, you
can see all the different levels
of light and the
different colors.
If you compress frequency,
it will certainly
turn into a blue color,
because that is the wavelength
they are communicating upon.
So this is why the
beings are in a--
why they appeared to me as
a very crisp blue light,
which is really hard to paint.
But if I needed to
paint it, it looks
like a very bright crystal.
Because at that time, they do
not have, from our perspective,
a dimension, so they are
not in some kind of space.
If you want to contact them,
there are places on this
Earth-- pretty much
the ancient sites--
where this kind of
compression of frequency
of naturally occurring
frequencies and flows of energy
has happened, and there has
been contact over the years.
That is why all
those sites which
are built upon some
frequential river, so to speak,
they have become
religious spots.
>>EMERY: Were these
beings of light
understood in a different
way, or did they say,
this is how it works?
>>TIM: From their perspective,
it's not a religion.
It's more a communication
between different levels
of the same being.
So just as we are sitting here
and having this communication,
this is another dimension
of communication
between a probability or
a life form or something.
That is actually
source, and it's
communicating with a
different aspect of this life.
So because those beings are
not focused on power structure
and overpowering
people, for them
it's just communication, just
in the same natural, harmonious,
and amicable way
that we do right now.
But of course, if you
have all this information
and you build some power
structures upon those things,
then you can misuse
it, for example.
And we've seen that a lot in
human history, that information
that had been given
to humanity has been
altered in some way or another.
It has been given to some power
structures, some power elite.
They used it for their own.
Because the more
information you have,
the more understanding
you have about reality,
the more you can use that
to alter your own reality.
And as it is sometimes
in dualistic realities,
it also can be used to
overpower some other aspects.
>>EMERY: You talk about
blue beings as light.
In the Vedas,
there are also gods
being depicted as blue beings.
Is there a connection there?
>>TIM: Yes.
So the one thing we
need to understand
when talking to interfrequential
beings that are not necessarily
interdimensional beings is that
we perceive the information
they give upon us.
But as it has no
dimension, it also
has no geometrical form yet,
not from our perspective.
They perceive themselves
as some kind of space,
some kind of dimension.
But when we look upon it,
it's like a one-sided window
or something, because we
have this linearity of time,
or at least it
appears to be linear.
Then we cannot perceive them
as geometrical contexts.
We only perceive
them as information.
So when you talk to them,
for example, you clearly
hear an acoustic voice in the
room, but it has no location.
Voice normally tends to
be reflected by things
so the human ear can depict
where or locate where it is.
Because this is
pure information,
the voice is just all over.
And I think you find
that idea in a lot
of religious scriptures
as well where
you call them
angels or something,
and they have God's voice that
is, I don't know, appearing.
And people cannot localize it
because it has no dimension.
If you have dimension, this
is necessary as a measurement
in order to find out where the
information is coming from.
If the information is coming
from outside of a dimension--
for example, inside of
an interfrequential being
or interfrequential harmonic
level, which is a term,
then you will hear it, but you
cannot say where it comes from.
And you find that information
a lot in the Bible
or something where just
the voice of God appeared.
>>EMERY: Tim,
throughout the Bible
we have this
appearance of angels.
After a loved one
dies, some people
have experienced seeing
light beings of some sort.
What are these references?
>>TIM: OK.
Two things are important
when communicating
with higher frequential beings.
The first thing is how
they perceive themselves,
which is determined by
their own evolution.
If there are beings that had
some kind of evolutionary step
from a geometrical form,
then potentially this
will get into the
information, because that
is what they project outside.
You need to know that
when talking with a higher
frequential being that this
planet right now can only
display beings of
Level 3 and Level 4.
At one point-- and we're
approaching this point--
we only can display
beings of Level 4,
which are beings that are
wondrous, but still have
a biological,
material form to it.
Beings that are
higher than that,
it's like putting a 4K movie
onto an old black and white
television screen from the '50s.
You can in some way or
another perceive some picture
or information, but it
probably has a lot of loss.
There will be no sound.
There will be no colors,
or something like that.
And maybe things
need to be scaled
so that you can perceive it.
And just the same way with
higher frequential beings.
You know, there are a lot of
orbs, light things that has
been seen all over the place.
Those in 99% of the cases
are higher frequential beings
that are perceived just
as some form of light.
And then two things kick in.
First, the self-perspective
or presentation of the being,
if they come from
some kind of form
that we can't translate inside
of this biological machine,
then we receive
them, for example,
as humans or
something, sometimes
in a blue form, which explains
the Shiva Vishnu Krishna thing.
Or if they don't, then our own
cultural background kicks in,
because the human brain
and the biological brains,
they don't like
empty information.
It's like when there
were experiments.
If you put somebody in a dark
room and kind of an isolation
chamber, at one point the
brain will create information
around the nonexistence
of information.
And that's the same thing
that's appearing there.
So when people are, for example,
seeing their own grandma
dead but as a ghost, or
they see ghosts in the way
pop cultural imagination
puts them, or they see,
I don't know, angels,
then this comes
from their own theoretical
cultural backgrounds
or imagination.
This is still something in the
room that interacts with you,
but it doesn't need
to be what you see.
It doesn't need to
be your grandma.
>>EMERY: Some of the god
beings of history like Jesus,
for example, is it possible
they are extraterrestrial
or highly developed humans?
>>TIM: I was asking at least
Being 6 directly who Jesus was.
And they were telling
that this person
had made experience in Level
5 consciousness and went back.
So it's one of those
millions of beings
that reincarnated on Earth
and brought with them some
of the knowledge that higher
frequencies and higher
dimensions are used to.
One thing that I find
very interesting,
combining Jesus with
the special situation
that we have on
Earth, is that he
was one of those
bringers of information
while not being fully
strategically prepared
of what could occur on Earth.
You must be very well
prepared in order
to move around the
situation that we have here.
And higher frequential
beings that
only want to spread love and
information and things, if I
give that information
to another part of me,
it will accept that and
see all the benefits
that naturally come from that.
What Jesus was saying
is that we are one
and that we are love, and treat
another one with love just
as you treat yourself with love.
And that's the whole message of
everyone brought up on Earth.
But there's some
resistance that's
coming from the
special education
that the species has received
in order to not accept
those unifying thoughts.
And I think there's
a lot of effort
right now in order to
remove that situation,
in order to bring more
awareness into the human species
so that they can also obtain
that information, because it's
very important for the
evolution of the universe
in order to check that.
>>EMERY: Tim, what have you
done with this information
for yourself and others?
>>TIM: I'm coming
from an experience.
So I met the Greys first.
I had some minor interactions
with other beings
privy to that.
But the depth of my
experience with the Greys
was the first thing
I experienced.
And they at that time
were suffering a lot
from the trauma of cutting off
their first master line, which
means becoming a
failed timeline,
and acknowledging that.
There is something
about forgetting
in the universe which is
actually kind of a gift
in order to not remember
the previous mistakes.
But the Greys, they are
a very mental species
and very intellectual.
They stick to information.
That's all they do.
They collect information.
They stick to it.
They all think it, calculate.
And that means being in this
drama, trauma, comic process.
So that was pretty heavy for me.
And then I met
Being 6 and realized
that the feeling of being so
alone and being so isolated
and being nothing more
than just a universe inside
of emptiness that has
nobody else themselves
is just an illusion.
And there is-- we are
all one, but the beauty
is all those diversity and
all those possibilities
of communication and connecting
and inspiring itself.
That is something that not
only lifted me up, but also
influenced the way the
communication with the Greys
turned out.
And we are talking
about that later.
I think that is the whole
beauty of the universe that
wants to be social, wants to
be with others, and feel that.
And it also has some
practical meaning,
because the Greys are not
that much into socializing
and stuff.
They do not tend to feel that
as much as humans, for example,
do.
But the opportunity to that
is when the universe thinks
that it's a closed
system, then it only
reproduces its own
information, which is a lot,
but we'll come to a
dead end at some time.
When you realize that
there is something outside,
then you can obtain
information from somewhere,
and you can go that direction,
and a whole new universe
appears in front of itself.
And that brings possible
infinity to the universe.
And that still
needs to be proven,
but it will take some time.
>>EMERY: Do you feel
there's a connection
between the groups like the
Templars and the ETs, Tim?
>>TIM: So very far back, like
a decade ago or something,
I was doing a lot of
research, commissioned
research on the Templars.
And that is when this
program came into contact
with another being
that appeared--
so there are beings that
live on the surface of light
like humans do, but light has
also a dimension to go into it.
It's like water.
Inside of light, there are
many, many, many other species
that are living literally
inside of the light.
And this species that
I'm talking about
found it very important to let
us know that they influenced
the Templars.
They appeared
inside of the light.
You can see them.
They were wearing
those white coats.
They also had greyish
skin and huge heads.
But different to the
Greys and other species,
they looked-- and they had
this red cross upon their robe.
And the Templars at that time
seemed to have received contact
from those beings.
But I don't want to go
into much more details,
because I want to give some
institutions on this planet
the chance and the opportunity
to speak for themselves.
>>EMERY: Tim, some people
believe that contact and UFO
phenomena is the new religion
that we're transitioning into.
What are your thoughts on that?
>>TIM: I think
that religion will
alter in some way or another.
And I think that people
on this Earth who
are in charge of some
things have taken that
into consideration.
I still think-- and
that is also the opinion
of a lot of extraterrestrials
that observed and did research
on religion on this planet,
that the light of hope
and of awareness and good
thoughts that are coming
from religions, this is
something that humanity
is benefiting a lot from.
I think that the mystical
experience of oneness
will become more important
in the future for everyone.
And I've also learned that
through religious belief--
so we're talking
about ascension a lot,
which means bringing
consciousness
into another realm of awareness.
And religion is
something that has
helped beneficial,
non-terrestrial beings that
are serving as guides
and guiding souls
into another experience,
that has helped them a lot
to create the images that
are necessary in order
to make it peaceful and gently.
>>EMERY: And for
our last question,
do you believe open contact
will be a threat to religions
as we know them?
>>TIM: No, I don't think that.
I think that the
perception of religion
will shift in some way.
I also think that when we're
talking about technologies
and all the ways reality
or lifestyle on Earth
has already changed since,
I don't know, 1500s,
then we can see that people
are adapting to that.
I think the
perception of religion
will adapt to the personal
reality of all the people.
The connection to the
universe will be more deepened
and new opportunities
will occur.
So all the things people are
looking for in the outside
will appear in the outside.
Not only in the inside
when you meditate and have
this connection, but you
will also see a difference
in the shift of reality.
Wondrous things will happen.
Things will appear.
Reality will be more interesting
and more fascinating than ever.
I think that we
can all agree upon
that the peace and
empathy that comes
from being a religious
person is something
we can all benefit from.
>>EMERY: Tim, that was amazing.
Thank you so much for
being on the show.
>>TIM: Thank you, Emery.
>>EMERY: I'm Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Till next time.
>>ANNOUNCER: Next on
"Cosmic Disclosure."
>>TIM: Traveling through
time is something
that is very exclusive.
Time travel technology
seems to be something.
It's not in the mainstream, and
it's only very limited access.
At least the technology I am
aware of comes from the Greys.
Making humanity a
time traveling species
is something that is pretty new.
[MUSIC PLAYING]